Add vars files examples to inform about available environment variables (#13)
exonet/documentation: README.md

[conventions.md](conventions.md) - An overview of our playbook conventions.  
[github.md](github.md) - A basic GitHub guide on how to create a pull request with playbook changes.  
[roles](roles) - This directory contains the readmes for our most commonly used Ansible roles with the available variables.  

> [vars](vars) - This directory contains vars files examples for our most commonly used Ansible roles with the availible environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[vars](vars) - This directory contains vars files examples for our most commonly used Ansible roles with the available variables.
```
